this dog spits as monopolizing a puddle
a smaller dog wants to drink
two that makes the dog angry all other
dogs scare of him but buck has an idea
it circles around spits trying to smash
the ice dig a larger hole
so the dogs will have water to drink
this makes spits even more angry
at night the owner gives them fish for
dinner but when spitz finishes eating
he also pulls the golden dog's fish buck
just arrives
so he does not dare to show up for the
golden dog but buck gives his fish to it
the dogs are all dumbfounded this
newcomer is special not
long before that buck is a rebellious
dog no one can teach him
but one night he was taken away by a bad
man and sold to daya as a sled dog
buck has a muscular body he is also
extremely intelligent
he is becoming a crucial member in his
team that day the whole flock come on a
rather thin surface of ice
the mistress who searches the road does
not expect the ice surface to crack
buck hurriedly jumps down and swims to
her and lets her cling to him
but he could not find the way out if he
wants to live he can only break the ice
but the ice is too thick and after
several attempts it is still
unsuccessful
the master is about to take it no longer
but can only take a bold risk
the mistress is rescued and buck
exhausted is swept away by the water
francois is worried stabbing with a
knife the knife is also broken
using a fist to punch the ice face it is
still unharmed
when francois is desperate a stick is
brought it's [ __ ]
francois is so happy through this
accident the mistress also looks at buck
with different eyes
and throw him a chicken leg as a reward
but this scene is seen by the leader
spitz
a mountain cannot have two tigers so
that night when buck is playing with a
rabbit
spit suddenly appears bites the rabbit
to death buck couldn't help it but
formally declares war on spitz spit's
ferocious spirit makes buck have to come
back less than two moves buck is knocked
out on the ground
but this time the dogs soon have a
choice the dogs all growl towards spits
to protect buck
finally buck understands that if he
doesn't beat spitz he can't forever
raise his head
at that moment buck seems to see his
ancestor a mighty black wolf
buck's predestination breaks out his
gaze turns strong
his hand poisons a slap that keeps spits
out of the way
he wins the next day francois could not
find spits
he only changes another leader but
strangely enough the dog with rich
experience refuses to take the lead
it turns out that they have assumed
buck's leading position francois sees
that he gives buck one chance the first
time he becomes a leader
this is a great opportunity to prove
himself buck runs as fast as he could
pulling the sweat and slid across the
snow but it is at this point that they
encounter avalanches
francois commands the dogs to turn to
the left but the lead dog buck does not
listen to orders
leading the group to the opposite
direction
in the chaos it seems that buck sees his
ancestors show the way for him
at the last minute the group break into
a cave the truth proves buck is correct
this is a shortcut they have
successfully passed through the cave
escaping an avalanche
after escaping danger francois is
extremely excited
furthermore thanks to buck's tough
strength it is the first time in two
years that the whole flock have
delivered on time
starting that day the people of town
receive the mail every day on time
looking people's happiness when reading
letters [ __ ] is happy for them too
but very quickly francois receives a
letter from the post office
telegraph will be universal very quickly
then no one needs letters
just like that buck leaves another
master buck in the herd are sold to a
gold digger
the thing is these people aren't quite
familiar with slaves even if the zippers
don't go
they assume they are lazy buck is
miserable without saying a word
staring blankly at the man walking over
an old man comes to avoid him
it turns out that the sled has been
frozen the old man comes to help pull
the snow cart up and kindly reminds them
the weather is turning warm the snow is
melting and now is not suitable for
going outside
but they don't listen as a result
because the road is too difficult to
walk the buck and the rest of the group
quickly become exhausted and couldn't
walk the man is furious
gives buck a kick then he takes the gun
and now that the old man reappears
he soon realizes that these people are
not kind the kind old man reminds them
the ice is already melting
if they continue going they are going to
the death but they don't listen
deciding to leave the comatose buck and
continue to risk it buck
is taken home by the old man and is in a
coma two days after he regains
consciousness
large ice flows on the river surface it
seems bucks heard are all in danger
buck screams away the pitiful cries now
he just relies on the old man
but he lost his children so he is always
drunk to prevent him from becoming
addicted to alcohol buck even takes out
the bottle of wine to the outside to dig
the hole
the old man goes out to find it then he
sits up on it he wouldn't come out even
the man pushes him
reluctantly the old man sitting beside
buck raises his head to watch the stars
now he realizes that there are still
many things worth keeping in mind in the
world
the next day the old man takes out a map
preparing to go to an unknown place
so a man and a dog sitting on a boat set
off on the road they passes the fish
swims across the moon when they are
tired they stay in a tent
at night the old men will call buck into
the tent to sleep
they are not owner and slaver they are
old friends
that day the boat enters a swirling body
of water the old man is a bit tense
trying to keep the boat balanced but
buck is very excited
they make it safely through the
whirlpool but the sharp rock punctures
the boat
they must walk not long after they find
a place to stop
this is a small abandoned wooden house
for people who used to dig gold
after cleaning up the house the old man
leads buck to the side of the stream to
bathe
suddenly the old man sees something
sparkling in the lake he picks it up
it turns out to be gold faced with
ferocious bear what dog will do
the bear growls then lunges towards buck
facing the lord of the jungle buck is a
bit scared
it panics and runs straight towards the
forest not daring to turn its head
the jungle is a completely new place to
buck it is just about to leave but a
white wolf approaches
buck is a little scared this is the
first time he meets wolves
he could not help it but greets by his
feet but he is neglected
starting from that day buck seems to be
robbed of his soul no matter how the old
man pokes it it does not react
buck starts his day looking towards the
forest silently following the wolves
but the wolf still does not pay
attention to it until that day
while hunting the wolves have an
accident a male wolf slips into the
water
the water is flowing fast the male wolf
winks being swept down the cliff
fortunately it reaches a dry wood only a
dead way down
the wolves are extremely worried but can
only watch bucks comes
it quickly runs to the brink then bites
down on the dry branches
but the branches are too crunchy so he
carries a whole dry tree
pulling it with all his might toward the
shore he uses his godly power
to save the wolf and finally b uck is
recognized by the wolves
since then buck mingles with wolves
running and jumping in the forest
he learns how to hunt the wild
environment has stimulated its hunting
instincts
gradually birds in the skyfish in the
water buck grabs to the old man
until that day it leads a white wolf
home finally the old man
understands that buck has found his herd
he is happy for him
but what about his place the old man
throws all the gold he has collected
into the river leaving only two
even he has a lot of gold his son can't
be alive he decides to say goodbye to
buck tomorrow and he will leave this
place
but there is no shortage of people dying
of money in this world
the previous man has come to the old
man's house discovers the map and chases
here
seeing the gold he shoots the old man
buck suddenly appears
it swoops down from the top of the house
stealing the shotgun
the man hurriedly picks up the stick
again and begins to threaten
buck has an obsession with his cane
retreating backwards but very soon he
realizes he could not falter anymore
his wildness is completely awakened buck
begins to counter-attack
he pushes the man into a sea of flames
but the old man is too badly injured his
breathing gradually weakens
buck never expects the owner to be with
him in the shortest time
is the person who gives him a new life
after the old man dies buck no longer
has any attachment to human life
he leaves everything and goes to the
forest soon after he becomes the leader
of the wolf
leads the whole pack of wolves around
and across the step later in the herd
appears many cubs
they have both the blood of buck and a
wolf meeting the bear again buck no
longer falters
its steadfast gaze moves the bear back
step by step after several times
growling the bear runs away in fear
buck becomes the real lord of the jungle
it is just that every time he passes by
the old man's grave
buck slows down he also remembers the
gentle but rough hand that used to
stroke him
beastie and humanity civilization and
malice are all perfectly harmonious on
its body